# Key fields in payment object

* payment.status: The status of this capture, required, can be Verifying, Verified, Pending, Authorised, Cancelling, Cancelled, Capturing, Captured, Refunding, Refunded, Partial Refunded or Failed. See EVO Cloud API Specification for more details.

* payment.failureCode: The error code for the payment, which will be returned when the payment.status is Failed.

* payment.failureReason: The error message for the payment, which will be returned when the payment.status is Failed.

* payment.transAmount: The currency and value of the payment, required. It is echoed back from your request.

* payment.merchantTransInfo: The object that is a reference for the payment, required and generated by your host. It is echoed back from your request.

* payment.evoTransInfo: The object that is a reference for the payment, required and generated by EVO Cloud. It contains evoTransID, evoTransTime and traceNum (optional) and retrievalReferenceNum for some PSPs such as Visa or Mastercard.

* payment.pspTransInfo: The object that is a reference for the capture, optional and generated by the PSP. It contains pspTransID, pspTransTime and authorizationCode. EVO Cloud forwards this information from PSP to your host if PSP returns.

* payment.billingAmount and payment.billingFXRate: The user's billing currency and value of the payment, and the FX rate between payment.transAmount.currency and payment.billingAmount.currency, if has. EVO Cloud forwards this information from PSP to your host if PSP returns. This is applied to some E-Wallet payment scenarios when PSP conducts the currency conversion, or to some card payment scenarios when you enable the DCC feature. You can contact EVO Cloud account manager for more details.

* payment.convertTransAmount and payment.convertTransFXRate: The currency and value calculated by EVO Cloud based on transAmount and the FX rate from transAmount.currency to a different currency when the transaction is sent out to PSP, and the FX rate between payment.transAmount.currency and payment.convertTransAmount.currency. The FX rate will be provided if you enable currency conversion feature in EVO Cloud and this capture applies currency conversion. You can contact EVO Cloud account manager for more details.

